Hi, I'm a content developer here at Udacity.
I previously worked on the Self-Driving Car Nanodegree program.
I have a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering.
You might ask yourself why someone who
studied engineering would be teaching data science?
Well, my interest in data came after college when I spent a year studying in Peru.
While I was there, I started a jewelry business with the Peruvian friend.
At first, it was just the two of us,
the jeweler and me, the engineer.
I think you can guess which one of us became the jewelry designer,
and which one had to learn Web development,
data analysis, and machine learning.
To give a couple of examples of how we've used data science and analysis,
I made a linear regression model that helps us price new designs.
I've also analyzed web traffic and keyword searches to make content better.
Over the span of one year,
I increased unique monthly visitors from 1,000 to 12,000,
and that's without spending anything on marketing.
I learned to code and analyze data the exact same way you are doing right now,
by taking online classes and then making awesome projects.
I'm proof that someone with
a noncomputer science background can still be a proficient programmer.